Feature 5676: Update vulnerability detection docs to include OVAL vulnerability detection. (#6451)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/Vulnerability-Processing.md

Vulnerability processing is enabled by default for new installations.

> Fleet stategy to vulnerability detection varies according to the host's platform. For Windows/Mac OS, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet stategy to vulnerability detection varies according to the host's platform. For Windows/macOS, 
```

(I think this is the biggest nit I've ever commented on a PR xD)

detected vulnerabilities cannot be used in the same way you would use an osquery query (e.g. you wouldn't
be able write a query to retrieve all CVEs).

### Linux hosts

First, we determine what Linux distributions are part of your fleet (keep in mind that there will
be a small delay between the time a new Linux hosts is added and the time the host is 'detected'). We then
use
that information to determine what OVAL definitions need to be downloaded and parsed - you can find
a list of all the OVAL definitions we use
[here](https://github.com/fleetdm/nvd/blob/master/oval_sources.json). OVAL definitions will be
refreshed on a daily basis.

Finally, we look at the software inventory of each host and execute the assertions contained in the
corresponding OVAL file - any match is reported using the same channels as with Windows/Mac OS vulnerabilities

## Coverage

For Windows/Mac OS Fleet attempts to detect vulnerabilities for installed software that falls into the following categories (types):

### Apps
- macOS
- Windows

### Browser plugins

> - macOS, Windows

Reviewer: Not sure I understand why this item is in here. Does it mean "we only check for plugins in macOS and Windows"?

Author: That's a very good question!

OVAL definitions only test things installed via the package manager (rpm, apt, etc) - so, at least on Ubuntu, we will be only targeting a small subset of those - if we want to scan for browser plugins on Linux using the NVD dataset we just need to change [this](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/server/vulnerabilities/cve.go#L116) 
From:
```
CPEs, err := ds.ListSoftwareCPEs(ctx, oval.SupportedHostPlatforms)
```

To:
```
// Exclude Linux package sources: rpm, deb sources
CPEs, err := ds.ListSoftwareCPEs(ctx, oval.SupportedSources)
```

  - Atom
  - Packages installed using Chocolatey

For Linux, we adhere to whatever is defined in the OVAL definitions, except for:
- Kernel vulnerabilities.
- Vulnerabilities involving configuration files.

As of right now, the following distributions are supported:
- Ubuntu

> - RHEL based distros (Red Hat, CentOS and Fedora)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RHEL based distros (Red Hat, CentOS, Fedora, and Amazon Linux)
```
